It's also possible. Before,
When someone gets out of the car, the car is bombed.
This time I got off the bus too. We still have to look for shoe locks.
Go and have a look at the little house.
You two, I need you to go back with me and cooperate with the investigation.
Why did they let you get off? I don't know.
They threatened me with nose hands. Say I won’t get off the car,
Just attack my wife and children. Why can't you get on the next bus?
Otherwise let it pass. I can't wait.
I want to walk, is there any car that can be a little shorter? Old me
My student said
Robbery in car
is it true
The two of them usually
They are all small-headed and small-touched.
One died
The other one is still asking
Just what your students said
Can't exercise it's robbery
I can only let it go first
Do more research
What was the reason for the car explosion?
Under investigation
There is a man named Li Xiaofeng in the car
I think it's very problematic
You didn't check it carefully
He was the one who guaranteed it
His suspicion is not high
It seems like it really isn't him.
There's your wife and kids in the car too
Since by the way
Go and have a look
You can go
It's you who are not sick
Didn’t Xiu Shou get off the bus with you?
He got off the car
How could it be the murderer?
What's wrong with getting off the car?
You can't detonate it outside the car.
I've always been with him
He didn't leave until the explosion
who is the murderer